Are we going to display this single post similar to how it looks?
So we have to show the date time.
We saw the number of comments which we don't have yet to add.
The comments feature as a bit later and the artist name we show the title.
We will show the Facebook linked in all the social media here we did silly.
We later we have the content.
We saw the rich text content.
You also will see the comments below.
So that's that's what's going to work.
So for this date formatting, we're going to use a library called Details.
So let's quickly into that.
So here the stuff that's in so.
This is.
I would just start the server again and then so we could do the slope issue.
So first let's import.
Dadaists from disease.
We also need to make sure we have that editor, the editor risk text editor we used when we were creating
the the post.
Right.
So we need to have the same editor to share the content as well.
So imports
editor from.
Rich MacDonald, editor.
The next one we have the health sector and so on, the health sector and let so some dynamic content
so we can sort of push total.
And for the matter description we can.
So the description of the post we just have to shorten the length.
So for the description we use post DART content that supports the content, but the content will be
quite long and we just need the 160 characters here.
So post content.
Substring.
We can use the substring function.
So this function will take two arguments to the starting point.
We start from the very beginning, the two index, and then we want to create 160 characters.
I guess that's how we can shorten the content this quickly.
Have a look at that.
Let's go to view source and you can already see we have the.
So we have the title last post from Ryan to this, the title and then the description.
I guess the description looks a little bit a little bit different.
That's because it's written in markdown format, right?
So it looks a a different what you can see we have the actual content here.
All right.
So let's continue here.
So we have the rule.
We have the column 16 and then column eight.
So let's remove these two since three five.
So here we want to do is we want to use car again.
So car.
And then this time we not going to use use matter.
We can just put.
So the content differently.
So first, let's look on the cover.
An intimidating let's just start with the Post statement so we can show the title.
We can show that in one.
Post title and for the card we can use cover images.
So all we can do is this time we're just going to use regular Mr. Imus.
So we're going to give the source, and that would be post dot featured inmates.
If we have the feature in Ms., then we want to access the URL.
Otherwise we can send the default images.
That is less images, less default thought to be.
I guess we saw the default images.
If if the image is not there, let's give this false thing isn't supposed.
Let's have a look.
Beautiful.
Now, you see, here we have the post, we have the title, we have the images in.
Check out the finished version.
Okay, so that.
That looks good.
You may notice it's, like I said, a little bit different.
I think I used the endings instead.
Instead, crafty.
So if you want, it looks a little different level, but it looks pretty, pretty good to me.
But if you want to use the typography from and design so you can do that, let me just to show people
graphic.
I guess you can show the history a little differently.
You can bring in the type of graphene destructive title and use the title like that.
I guess if you want to try this, let's try it.
So let's import this Ripley saboteur we don't need that type of graphic fonts title from.
Photography and let's use the title instead of page one.
Looks a little different.
All right.
So we got the image.
We got the title.
Let's try another one without images.
I guess that's how it looks.
Beautiful.
So let's saw the information.
So we want to show the media information about the post.
Something like this one created that user name and comment, which we will have bit later.
So we have the basis for that.
So the title after the title, let me use paragraph dag here.
Let's give this a class name of.
What's next?
I think we're not using that.
It's a sleeping bag that, um.
So what we want to do here is first we want to sew the date, right?
So date is, so is first have the created date and updated it.
Right.
So by default so we can use this start created and date and we can use this dot format or function with
the digits or format.
We can choose the format.
So we want to show the month day like celebrity so that from so we have the month month with the month
name like that from
the day.
And then the the year and then the time and then the Olympics, all that.
If you want to show like that, you can use month and long format day sort of format coma here in full
for of full format.
And then it's our minute and then AMPM.
Okay.
If you have a look.
That's how it looks.
Now, if I didn't use that and just use two characters, two characters, you'll notice it looks a little
different.
It just shows the the month doesn't right than a month months I guess, in that tone.
So let's just under that let's leave it like that.
So that's for the date.
So the date I want to have a slice and then I comments.
So let me just use zero comments for now.
We will obviously have the dynamic value later when we add the common feature and then we want to show
the users the name.
Right.
So zero comments, we actually have to serve the categories as well.
We have just for the categories now, calories can be more than one.
So we have to map through the categories.
Okay.
So it's less in.
It's going to be a bit tricky in we have to map through the categories suppose to what dots categories
don't map to map to its categories then just call it see and we return.
There is category.
They have to be clickable as well.
All right.
So let's use spend day because later we will be seeing all the post based on the categories when people
click in the category.
We saw all the posts that belongs to that category.
Okay, so we're going to make them clickable.
So spam, so is item.
We give the key that can be category on the screen.
And then here, if it's going to be clickable, then obviously we need to link component
inside link and could tag.
Let me just say this footer you can see so far, so this is what we have date comments in now all this
we do to map through all the categories and then we want to make them clickable.
So we using the link 88.
The end of day held true.
So the category piece we obviously don't have yet to include later.
So let's just call it category stress on the slot.
Right.
So category to a slot.
So we'll read this page later.
So all the post belongs belonging to this category.
So here on the anchor down, we want to show the name.
Category name.
So we move to this category.
So the category name and it is clickable.
All right.
So that's.
What we have here in React and Notice.
So this post belongs to these two carriers, so we want to have a bit of a space there.
Oh.
So that category in name.
I think we can just have the special.
Nice.
Beautiful.
Next, let's show the actual content of the post.
For that, we have the editor.
So after this beauty and the news editor.
So Ed, the default value.
It's a different world that's going to be post on content.
I guess that's going to be the value.
We may have to change.
We may need to access that theme as well.
As you can see here, the theme, if we're using the dark theme, then we have to tend to go back.
So let's fix this color.
So based on the theme or whatever, we're using this, we need to change this editor's color.
So for that, we can import the theme context.
The context theme is to make sure we have use context.
And then to start using veterans first, let's make sure we have themes.
All right, I want a theme.
We can change its value.
So it's our theme.
Outside stuff a dog.
It's going to be true or false.
So we take team equals, equals equals.
If the team is currently light the reset to turn to false.
Otherwise true.
So if it's like dark would default on be true.
Okay.
So now that works.
So it's a loaded slide on its docket stuff.